Bring back "contact change 60 day lock" (#441)
dnsimple/dnsimple-support: content/articles/icann-60-day-lock-registrant-change.markdown

---
title: ICANN 60-Day Lock After Change of Registrant
excerpt: After changing your registration info you cannot transfer your domain for sixty days.
categories:
- Contacts
---

# 60-Day Lock After Change of Registrant

> For all domains under ICANN management, all [gTLDs](/articles/what-is-tld/) and potentially some [ccTLDs](/articles/what-is-tld/), a new [ICANN policies that went into effect December 1st, 2016](https://www.icann.org/resources/pages/ownership-2013-05-03-en), making certain changes the registrant contact will lock the domain for 60 days. During that period, it will not be possible to transfer the domain to another registrar.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For all domains under registries under contract with ICANN, including all [gTLDs](/articles/what-is-tld/), [newGTLDs](/articles/what-is-tld/), and potentially some [ccTLDs](/articles/what-is-tld/), a new [ICANN policies that went into effect December 1st, 2016](https://www.icann.org/resources/pages/ownership-2013-05-03-en), making certain changes the registrant contact will lock the domain for 60 days. During that period, it will not be possible to transfer the domain to another registrar.
```
